CHAPTER 1 DOWN THE Rassit HOLE

Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank,
and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her
sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations 1n It, and what is
the use of a book,” thought Alice, “without pictures or conversation?”

So she was considering, in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of mak-
ing a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the
daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself “Oh dear! Oh dear!
I shall be too late!” (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her
that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite
natural); but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-
pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it
flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a
waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and, burning with curiosity,
she ran across the field after it, and was just in time to see it pop down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
in the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think

about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed
to be a very deep well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty

of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what was
to happen next. First,

going
she tried to look down and make out what she was



Wers and those

gh the doorway:


many out-of-the-way things decd ebened Iya wee tlice had begun to

i few things indeed were really .

o Theta to be no use in waiting by the little door, So she went back
to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at any rate a
book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this time she found a
little bottle on it (“which certainly was not here before,” said Alice), and
tied round the neck of the bottle was a paper label, with the words “DRINK
ME” beautifully Printed on it in large letters.

It was all very well to say “Drink me,” but the wise little Alice was not
going to do that in a hurry. “No, I’1] look first,” she said, “and see Whether
it’s marked ‘poison’ or not”; for she had read several nice little stories about
children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild beasts, and other unpleas-
ant things, all because they would not remember the simple rules their
friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot poker wil] burn you if your
hold it too long; and that, if you cut your finger
usually bleeds: and she had never fo
bottle marked “poison,”
later,

However, this bottle was not marked “poison.”

. » thi \ > SO Alice ventured to taste
It, and, finding it very nice (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour of Cherry-

tart, custard, Pine-apple, Toast turkey, toffy, and hot buttere

Soon finished it off, d toast), she very
RK KK ok xe ye
ROR ey

ORK ke

‘What a Curious feeling! ” said Alice
telescope! ” |


t: she cou
one O the

“ab Up
had tired herself out

d.
ice to herself rather

lly g
O

! ave hersel
followed it), an times she
to her eyes; all once she re
ted herself in a game
‘id was Very

ious
ow,” thought poot
hb of me left

he table: she
rds “BAT ME”
«and if it
grow gmaller,
and I don’t

9

