CHAPTER 1 DowN THE RABBIT HoLE Alice was beginning to very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, and what is the use of a book" thought Alice, 66 'without pictures or conversation?" So she was considering, in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot made her feel very sleepy and stupid) , whether the pleasure of mak - ing a daisy-chain would be the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself *Oh dear! Oh dear! Ishall be too late!? (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed natural); but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat- pocket; and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket; or a watch to take out of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to out The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down; s0 suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed to be a very well . Either the well was very or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was get day worth quite hedge . again. get deep deep,
at the then she She to hung it that they it to, she as she it SO of the there of the jar to her it. a fear of as she 1 the jar;, for a as me at to drop of the After '11 all of the did to it into to they' off the top 1 How if I it, <I of  to an be t say 6I Why, 1 very the she be four by Ive of the no how many the (for, as there S 1 in the Ive in her her say it to OI of for a very her, it then I OI to the to the right no idea to say:) fall right if I <I the they the right she to 1 at all funny it'l] 't is , How The as it of the to the she Do the no Or 11 have to re 1 New as it Ma' am, is an 1 -fancy, as she do to sey No,it' Il do, s0 else to me for I at in of up very her no '11 miss 2 hope they'II here S very to sI the a here 1 my 1 the air,I'm do sides looked book - and cupboards anything: pegs. with see ~OR- upon filled dark labelled too were pictures was she was but and empty: passed: noticed maps was coming and saw disappointment underneath, well , shelves and great somebody here one shelves: from think past but killing fell shall MARMALADE,; down took home ! this , cupboards fall ANGE such think like one not herself . put brave Alice managed fell thought down-stairs ! even wonder Well!" about tumbling end? getting anything must true . nothing come likely wouldn aloud. never fall said would was (Which Would time?? several that house! see: down. this learnt not me down, Let had was fallen earth . this Alice Down, though miles see, and you centre was school-room, near think that' knowledge, somewhere ~yes, down, lessons miles over) Longitude off thousand showing sort practice Latitude but this opportunity either, good what things Longitude was wonder good still was , but Latitude listen through distance what one with walk words about had shall that grand (Alice people glad wonder to?" nice rather got among word) were was again . (she out thought began come think know. seem sound Presently antipathies , you didn= country curt - downwards ! tried earth! time , this name (and air! heads listening, Australia? what their through one them ask she' Zealand? falling was girl there little written shall you ignorant but this curtseying see shall what And perhaps Please , it?) spoke ask: began manage soon could never Alice (Di- you think ! think asking! should you tea-time . nothing to-night, think was milk much somewhere . There mice saucer down. are me down, There mouse , remember me! Down, ~Dinah= with like again. get that' down talking and began were cat.) bat, Alice you catch wish was nah And might dear! wonder?" you but Dinah, afraid, bats , eat cats But know you
cats eat and as she Do cats eat to 2), in a t and she put it. of she she it t eat cats? in off. much you and tell me the and just to and the she did you to upon eat a she not a bit a of up, it and she and and the all up on to not a in a to to be still in sight, was its it as it went a the it no was it my and just to be she and in lit up by a she turned the were of in a the all round the the all the roof . she get out one and all and again. up the glass: she upon a she was was to on it this 9 all the golden of solid to of and not open or the the of S upon a any of was the she on the at not second rate it to great high: she and round, she it the it a much opened the golden in the and and 9 it the a small hall , garden you and not and saw. the cool she and she could of to get out of if my not get of and g0 the 9 1 my poor I if I 1 'it would be only Icould to up you SO rather sleepy, went bats? on saying see herself , bats couldn' dreamy way sometimes answer sort either She Do way , that bats felt question, Do that was didn walking for , was earnestly , dozing hand matter Now , hand which Dinah, had suddenly, with Dinah, begun thump! leaves , dream thump! truth: was saying down her fall ever very Alice came was bat?  over. was heap when looked hurt , sticks but dry jumped passage , was dark her White overhead: feet was Rabbit before moment moment: was her time lost: hear another hurrying long away say, down Alice getting !" turned like There She corner , Rabbit wind, ~Oh close behind was was ears longer which when whiskers , was seen: how late found There corner , row herself but lamps doors hanging long, Alice low had from hall , been hall , door, but they way down walked were locked; side sadly down the when middle , other , Suddenly trying wondering every how came there little ever three-legged nothing thought table  was except that tiny made either might belong locks key , were Alice' one too would large , first doors key hall; them _ but , low too However, alas! small , curtain but door had any about fifteen noticed time inches before  her behind came delight tried fitted! was little Alice little key door lock , larger found than that into led rat-hole: into loveliest she knelt down passage ,7 dark looked ever along wander How about fountains , passage longed among but those beds that bright even flowers even head her would head those very little though through; use without doorway; thought telescope! shoulders . Alice  think Oh, how could , wish know shut how like begin : For , see ,
tiany bat-oersheewa had happened Jately, that Alice had begun to very few indeed were really impossible. There seemed to be no use in to the table, half hoping she by the little so she went back book of rules for might find another on it, Or at any rate a little bottle on or swhicng cpcople up like telescopes: this time she found a tied round the certainly was not here before, said neck of the bottle was a and ME" beautifully printed on it in paper label, with the words "DRINK It was all well to 66 letters . going to do that in a say "Drink me but the wise little Alice its Pll look was not marked 'poison or notª; for she she said and see whether children who had got had read several nice little stories ant all and eaten up by wild because would not and other unpleas - {bad taught them: such as,athat aeevmber the simple rules their hold it and that, if a red-hot poker will burn usually bleeds; you cut your you if your and she had never very deeply with a marked poison_ it is if you drink much it later. certain to à this with you; sooner or it, and was not tart, - it nice (it in 'poison; Alice ventured custard, pine-apple; a sort of to taste soon roast of it off . and toast) , she 9 said T must be s0 it up 9 she up at the only ten the she and 9 the right size to see if she garden . my this; 66 'for it to she out might end, you she she 9 said 9 to 1 to is the 1 'in out, for she of a be could the such a things things waiting door , key shutting Alice) , large very hurry . ~No, first ;, burnt, about things , beasts > they friends too long; finger knife , bottle forgotten that , almost from disagree However, bottle marked finding very SO had , fact, mixed flavour turkey , finished toffy, cherry - hot buttered * * * * * * * very * * * * * * * * * * * * * sWhat curious feeling!" telescope! Alice . And shutting like was indeed: brightened was now thought inches though that high, little her door was now face into few that lovely minutes for going First , nervous however , was about going shrink waited any for going further: altogether , felt know= then?" like little And Alice candle . tried herself_ wonder fancy candle what blown what should flame thing: like candle looks not remember like after ever having seen
on going she to the door, finding that nothing Alice! she fter a while, but, alas for she it the at once; the little key it: she into forgotten of the she she she her best to up for it, she she she to the the it too slippery; of the table, but thing down Alice to legs the in like !" She she there's no leave off this it) she re - ~Come, to sharply. "I she very her in a as to bring having very very SO for to box her for thought no enough of me she two hardly of to be Why, she of to be the Alice, 'to box the if it a on to on Soon her eye in it a very 111 I t if it it, in the key; the I way 1Il get me the door: so it way I creep to to the bit, top of her she a on the to She her in the she life to go on is of for be the way To SO it the ice to very to decided happened , more got when back went poor when and see could golden garden reach possibly one had not could climb found found out herself tried tired had and table glass , when and through plainly cried. rather quite was and herself sat herself said little that! gave poor generally crying trying, sometimes with minute ! use and followed once and seldom you advise eyes; game into (though herself tears cheated advice good was child severely curious ears herself poor own this scolded herself , now left trying against use membered its playing ~But people . was there's croquet pretending people! table: two under ME? fond pretend ~EAT lying person! was words that respectable <and which glass Alice , little one cake, said smaller , make small it," fell eat grow me <Well, makes don found and currants . and and garden, marked opened into reach beautifully can Which larger , were either way? grow ~Which was makes herself under which same anxiously feel happens! can remained head said AI- which but and cake; that care little eats find out-of-the-way one hand ate surprised when happens holding but quite nothing generally way?" , was expecting and what stupid growing; this and sure , dull into quite much seemed size. cake. got off had that finished happen, soon things and way. common work, set So she { % % * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *